readme.md, before:

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f3581da5-1983-4f6c-af5a-55c79b37913a">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0f8022d5-952d-418c-9011-2644830137d2">
  <img alt="lean-header" width="100%">
</picture>
<br />
<br />

[![Build Status](https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/workflows/Build%20%26%20Test%20Lean/badge.svg)](https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Build%20%26%20Test%20Lean%22) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [![Regression Tests](https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/workflows/Regression%20Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Regression%20Tests%22) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [![LEAN Forum](https://img.shields.io/badge/debug-LEAN%20Forum-53c82b.svg)](https://www.quantconnect.com/forum/discussions/1/lean) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [![Discord Chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-Discord-53c82b.svg)](https://www.quantconnect.com/discord)


[Lean Home][1] | [Documentation][2] | [Download Zip][3] | [Docker Hub][8] | [Nuget][9]

#

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/09d7707d-619d-48e2-b6d9-ef2d2d61144b">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/aab2422c-f480-421d-9ad2-5a355843d82a">
  <img alt="features-header" width="100%">
</picture>

LEAN is an event-driven, professional-caliber algorithmic trading  platform built with a passion for elegant engineering and deep quant  concept modeling. Out-of-the-box alternative data and live-trading support.
<br/>
<br/>

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d0ca17eb-307f-4155-b989-9afe502845b9">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9135fa86-c3e3-48e6-bbf9-de97f17afb52">
  <img alt="feature-list" width="100%">
</picture>

<br/>
<br/>

#

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f486e040-e350-4c9b-98c5-7b3902c0b7d8">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d28fd3d4-dad8-4828-94a9-676ddb360bdd">
  <img alt="modular-header" width="100%">
</picture>
LEAN is modular in design, with each component pluggable and customizable. It ships with models for all major plug-in points.
<br/>
<br/>

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7989d185-45cd-4a40-acef-6ff61d9d82f6">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5f9cc976-a715-495a-9977-87961509d2e0">
  <img alt="modular-architecture" width="100%">
</picture>

#

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9b7b7abf-b0f5-41a3-8a1b-a9400738b27a">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1bb1dd23-dbc7-4a96-b556-edbae84012b5">
  <img alt="cli-header" width="100%">
</picture>

<img width="100%" alt="lean-animation" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/09a32ba9-99ee-4fa9-9b33-d98dbf5d291f">

QuantConnect Lean CLI is a command-line interface tool for interacting with the Lean algorithmic trading engine, which is an open-source platform for backtesting and live trading algorithms in multiple financial markets. It allows developers to manage projects, run backtests, deploy live algorithms, and perform various other tasks related to algorithmic trading directly from the terminal. The CLI simplifies the workflow by automating tasks, enabling seamless integration with cloud services, and facilitating collaboration with the QuantConnect community. It's designed for quant developers who need a powerful and flexible tool to streamline their trading strategies. Please watch the [instructions videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJibe1XpP-U&list=PLD7-B3LE6mz61Hojce6gKshv5-7Qo4y0r) to learn more.

### Installation

```
pip install lean
```


### Commands

Create a new project containing starter code

```
lean project-create
```

Run a local Jupyter Lab environment using Docker

```
lean research
```

Backtest a project locally using Docker

```
lean backtest
```

Optimize a project locally using Docker

```
lean optimize
```

Start live trading a project locally using Docker

```
lean live
```

Download the [LEAN CLI Cheat Sheet](https://cdn.quantconnect.com/i/tu/cli-cheat-sheet.pdf) for the full list of commands.

#

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/85b548f8-9fd1-47f1-9b10-d73b3cfc6b23">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b6866983-adac-4461-ac2f-8642a72ef2a5">
  <img alt="modular-architecture" width="100%">
</picture>
<br>

![diagram](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f482fae4-5908-4d95-a427-4b1d685c355c)

#

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7b230a0d-6bf2-45bb-872e-c0faf4f1471e">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/23b59138-aab5-43c3-91b0-20eff46ab21a">
  <img alt="modular-architecture" width="100%">
</picture>


This section will cover how to install lean locally for you to use in your environment. **For most users we strongly recommend the LEAN CLI which is prebuilt and runs on all platforms.** Refer to the following readme files for a detailed guide regarding using your local IDE with Lean.
<br/>

* [VS Code](.vscode/readme.md)
* [VS](.vs/readme.md)
  
To install locally, download the zip file with the [latest master](https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/archive/master.zip) and unzip it to your favorite location. Alternatively, install [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) and clone the repo:

```
git clone https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean.git
cd Lean
```

### macOS 

NOTE: Visual Studio for Mac [has been discontinued](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/visualstudio/releases/2022/what-happened-to-vs-for-mac), use Visual Studio Code instead

- Install [Visual Studio Code for Mac](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)
- Install the [C# Dev Kit extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csdevkit)
- Install [dotnet 9 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/9.0):
- To build the solution, either:
  - choose **Run Task** > **build** from the Panel task dropdown, or
  - from the command line run
    ```
    dotnet build
    ```
- To run the solution, either:
  - choose **Run and Debug** from the Activity Bar, then click **Launch**, or
  - click F5, or
  - from the command line run
    ```
    cd Launcher/bin/Debug
    dotnet QuantConnect.Lean.Launcher.dll
    ```

### Linux (Debian, Ubuntu)

- Install [dotnet 9](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/install/linux):
- Compile Lean Solution:
```
dotnet build QuantConnect.Lean.sln
```
- Run Lean:
```
cd Launcher/bin/Debug
dotnet QuantConnect.Lean.Launcher.dll
```

### Windows

- Install [Visual Studio](https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/downloads/download-visual-studio-vs.aspx)
- Open `QuantConnect.Lean.sln` in Visual Studio
- Build the solution by clicking Build Menu -> Build Solution (this should trigger the NuGet package restore)
- Press `F5` to run

### Python Support

A full explanation of the Python installation process can be found in the [Algorithm.Python](https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/tree/master/Algorithm.Python#quantconnect-python-algorithm-project) project.

### Local-Cloud Hybrid Development. 

Seamlessly develop locally in your favorite development environment, with full autocomplete and debugging support to quickly and easily identify problems with your strategy. Please see the [CLI Home](https://www.lean.io/cli) for more information.

## Issues and Feature Requests ##

Please submit bugs and feature requests as an issue to the [Lean Repository][5]. Before submitting an issue, please read the instructions to ensure it is not duplicated.

## Mailing List ## 

The mailing list for the project can be found on [LEAN Forum][6]. Please use this to ask for assistance with your installation and setup questions.

## Contributors and Pull Requests ##

Contributions are warmly welcomed, but we ask you to read the existing code to see how it is formatted and commented on and ensure contributions match the existing style. All code submissions must include accompanying tests. Please see the [contributor guidelines][7]. All accepted pull requests will get a $50 cloud credit on QuantConnect. Once your pull request has been merged, write to us at support@quantconnect.com with a link to your PR to claim your free live trading. QC <3 Open Source.

A huge thank you to all our contributors!

<br/>

<a href="https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=QuantConnect/Lean" />
</a>

## Acknowledgements ##

The open sourcing of QuantConnect would not have been possible without the support of the Pioneers. The Pioneers formed the core 100 early adopters of QuantConnect who subscribed and allowed us to launch the project into open source. 

Ryan H, Pravin B, Jimmie B, Nick C, Sam C, Mattias S, Michael H, Mark M, Madhan, Paul R, Nik M, Scott Y, BinaryExecutor.com, Tadas T, Matt B, Binumon P, Zyron, Mike O, TC, Luigi, Lester Z, Andreas H, Eugene K, Hugo P, Robert N, Christofer O, Ramesh L, Nicholas S, Jonathan E, Marc R, Raghav N, Marcus, Hakan D, Sergey M, Peter McE, Jim M, INTJCapital.com, Richard E, Dominik, John L, H. Orlandella, Stephen L, Risto K, E.Subasi, Peter W, Hui Z, Ross F, Archibald112, MooMooForex.com, Jae S, Eric S, Marco D, Jerome B, James B. Crocker, David Lypka, Edward T, Charlie Guse, Thomas D, Jordan I, Mark S, Bengt K, Marc D, Al C, Jan W, Ero C, Eranmn, Mitchell S, Helmuth V, Michael M, Jeremy P, PVS78, Ross D, Sergey K, John Grover, Fahiz Y, George L.Z., Craig E, Sean S, Brad G, Dennis H, Camila C, Egor U, David T, Cameron W, Napoleon Hernandez, Keeshen A, Daniel E, Daniel H, M.Patterson, Asen K, Virgil J, Balazs Trader, Stan L, Con L, Will D, Scott K, Barry K, Pawel D, S Ray, Richard C, Peter L, Thomas L., Wang H, Oliver Lee, Christian L..


  [1]: https://www.lean.io/ "Lean Open Source Home Page"
  [2]: https://www.lean.io/docs/ "Lean Documentation"
  [3]: https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/archive/master.zip
  [4]: https://www.quantconnect.com "QuantConnect"
  [5]: https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/issues
  [6]: https://www.quantconnect.com/forum/discussions/1/lean
  [7]: https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
  [8]: https://hub.docker.com/orgs/quantconnect/repositories
  [9]: https://www.nuget.org/profiles/jaredbroad

Commit message:

Add Tiingo algos and data handlers

readme.md, after:

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f3581da5-1983-4f6c-af5a-55c79b37913a">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0f8022d5-952d-418c-9011-2644830137d2">
  <img alt="lean-header" width="100%">
</picture>
<br />
<br />

[![Build Status](https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/workflows/Build%20%26%20Test%20Lean/badge.svg)](https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Build%20%26%20Test%20Lean%22) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [![Regression Tests](https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/workflows/Regression%20Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Regression%20Tests%22) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [![LEAN Forum](https://img.shields.io/badge/debug-LEAN%20Forum-53c82b.svg)](https://www.quantconnect.com/forum/discussions/1/lean) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [![Discord Chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-Discord-53c82b.svg)](https://www.quantconnect.com/discord)


[Lean Home][1] | [Documentation][2] | [Download Zip][3] | [Docker Hub][8] | [Nuget][9]

#

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/09d7707d-619d-48e2-b6d9-ef2d2d61144b">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/aab2422c-f480-421d-9ad2-5a355843d82a">
  <img alt="features-header" width="100%">
</picture>

LEAN is an event-driven, professional-caliber algorithmic trading  platform built with a passion for elegant engineering and deep quant  concept modeling. Out-of-the-box alternative data and live-trading support.
<br/>
<br/>

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d0ca17eb-307f-4155-b989-9afe502845b9">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9135fa86-c3e3-48e6-bbf9-de97f17afb52">
  <img alt="feature-list" width="100%">
</picture>

<br/>
<br/>

#

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f486e040-e350-4c9b-98c5-7b3902c0b7d8">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d28fd3d4-dad8-4828-94a9-676ddb360bdd">
  <img alt="modular-header" width="100%">
</picture>
LEAN is modular in design, with each component pluggable and customizable. It ships with models for all major plug-in points.
<br/>
<br/>

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7989d185-45cd-4a40-acef-6ff61d9d82f6">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5f9cc976-a715-495a-9977-87961509d2e0">
  <img alt="modular-architecture" width="100%">
</picture>

#

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9b7b7abf-b0f5-41a3-8a1b-a9400738b27a">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1bb1dd23-dbc7-4a96-b556-edbae84012b5">
  <img alt="cli-header" width="100%">
</picture>

<img width="100%" alt="lean-animation" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/09a32ba9-99ee-4fa9-9b33-d98dbf5d291f">

QuantConnect Lean CLI is a command-line interface tool for interacting with the Lean algorithmic trading engine, which is an open-source platform for backtesting and live trading algorithms in multiple financial markets. It allows developers to manage projects, run backtests, deploy live algorithms, and perform various other tasks related to algorithmic trading directly from the terminal. The CLI simplifies the workflow by automating tasks, enabling seamless integration with cloud services, and facilitating collaboration with the QuantConnect community. It's designed for quant developers who need a powerful and flexible tool to streamline their trading strategies. Please watch the [instructions videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJibe1XpP-U&list=PLD7-B3LE6mz61Hojce6gKshv5-7Qo4y0r) to learn more.

### Installation

```
pip install lean
```


### Commands

Create a new project containing starter code

```
lean project-create
```

Run a local Jupyter Lab environment using Docker

```
lean research
```

Backtest a project locally using Docker

```
lean backtest
```

Optimize a project locally using Docker

```
lean optimize
```

Start live trading a project locally using Docker

```
lean live
```

Download the [LEAN CLI Cheat Sheet](https://cdn.quantconnect.com/i/tu/cli-cheat-sheet.pdf) for the full list of commands.

#

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/85b548f8-9fd1-47f1-9b10-d73b3cfc6b23">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b6866983-adac-4461-ac2f-8642a72ef2a5">
  <img alt="modular-architecture" width="100%">
</picture>
<br>

![diagram](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f482fae4-5908-4d95-a427-4b1d685c355c)

#

<picture >
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7b230a0d-6bf2-45bb-872e-c0faf4f1471e">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/23b59138-aab5-43c3-91b0-20eff46ab21a">
  <img alt="modular-architecture" width="100%">
</picture>


This section will cover how to install lean locally for you to use in your environment. **For most users we strongly recommend the LEAN CLI which is prebuilt and runs on all platforms.** Refer to the following readme files for a detailed guide regarding using your local IDE with Lean.
<br/>

* [VS Code](.vscode/readme.md)
* [VS](.vs/readme.md)
  
To install locally, download the zip file with the [latest master](https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/archive/master.zip) and unzip it to your favorite location. Alternatively, install [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) and clone the repo:

```
git clone https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean.git
cd Lean
```

### macOS 

NOTE: Visual Studio for Mac [has been discontinued](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/visualstudio/releases/2022/what-happened-to-vs-for-mac), use Visual Studio Code instead

- Install [Visual Studio Code for Mac](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)
- Install the [C# Dev Kit extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csdevkit)
- Install [dotnet 9 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/9.0):
- To build the solution, either:
  - choose **Run Task** > **build** from the Panel task dropdown, or
  - from the command line run
    ```
    dotnet build
    ```
- To run the solution, either:
  - choose **Run and Debug** from the Activity Bar, then click **Launch**, or
  - click F5, or
  - from the command line run
    ```
    cd Launcher/bin/Debug
    dotnet QuantConnect.Lean.Launcher.dll
    ```

### Linux (Debian, Ubuntu)

- Install [dotnet 9](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/install/linux):
- Compile Lean Solution:
```
dotnet build QuantConnect.Lean.sln
```
- Run Lean:
```
cd Launcher/bin/Debug
dotnet QuantConnect.Lean.Launcher.dll
```

### Windows

- Install [Visual Studio](https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/downloads/download-visual-studio-vs.aspx)
- Open `QuantConnect.Lean.sln` in Visual Studio
- Build the solution by clicking Build Menu -> Build Solution (this should trigger the NuGet package restore)
- Press `F5` to run

### Python Support

A full explanation of the Python installation process can be found in the [Algorithm.Python](https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/tree/master/Algorithm.Python#quantconnect-python-algorithm-project) project.

### Local-Cloud Hybrid Development. 

Seamlessly develop locally in your favorite development environment, with full autocomplete and debugging support to quickly and easily identify problems with your strategy. Please see the [CLI Home](https://www.lean.io/cli) for more information.

## Random live data feed for paper trading

If you want to exercise your live/paper trading workflows without wiring a brokerage, Lean now includes a configurable data queue handler that emits random ticks for any subscribed symbol.

1. In `Launcher/config.json`, set the global `"environment"` value to `"live-paper-random"`. This environment reuses the paper brokerage stack but routes market data through `QuantConnect.Lean.Engine.DataFeeds.Queues.RandomDataQueueHandler`.
2. Adjust the optional `random-data-*` knobs near the top of `config.json` to shape the stream (for example `random-data-initial-price`, `random-data-price-step`, `random-data-interval-ms`, and spread/volume bounds).
3. Run your algorithm normally (for example via `dotnet run --project Launcher` or the provided VS Code tasks). Any `AddEquity`, `AddCrypto`, etc. calls will start receiving pseudo-random trade/quote ticks at the cadence you configured.

The handler produces a bounded random walk per symbol, emits trades plus quotes (respecting each security type's default tick types), and keeps exchange timestamps aligned using the market-hours database so portfolio logic behaves like a real feed.

Need a ready-to-run sample? Use `Algorithm.CSharp/CustomAlgo/RandomFeedLiveInsightsAlgorithm.cs`. It subscribes to a configurable manual universe, applies a fast/slow SMA crossover on the random ticks, and only emits insights so you can validate live result pipelines without sending orders.

## Tiingo live data feed for paper trading

Lean includes a data queue handler that fetches real-time price data from Tiingo's IEX API. This allows you to use standard `AddEquity()` calls while Tiingo provides the actual market data feed.

1. In `Launcher/config.json`, set the global `"environment"` value to `"live-paper-tiingo"`. This environment uses the paper brokerage with Tiingo as the data source via `QuantConnect.Lean.Engine.DataFeeds.Queues.TiingoDataQueueHandler`.
2. Ensure your Tiingo API token is configured in the `"tiingo-auth-token"` setting.
3. Adjust optional Tiingo settings like `"tiingo-feed-interval-ms"` (default 5000ms) to control how frequently data is fetched from the API.
4. Run your algorithm normally with standard equity subscriptions (`AddEquity("SPY", Resolution.Minute)`). The handler will fetch real-time IEX data from Tiingo and emit trade/quote ticks.

The handler respects market hours, provides both trade and quote ticks, and handles multiple symbols efficiently by batching API calls. It's ideal for testing live trading strategies with real market data without connecting to a live brokerage.

For a ready-to-run sample, use `Algorithm.CSharp/CustomAlgo/TiingoEquityFeedAlgorithm.cs`. It uses standard `AddEquity()` calls, applies EMA crossover signals, and logs both bar and tick data received from Tiingo's IEX feed.

## Issues and Feature Requests ##

Please submit bugs and feature requests as an issue to the [Lean Repository][5]. Before submitting an issue, please read the instructions to ensure it is not duplicated.

## Mailing List ## 

The mailing list for the project can be found on [LEAN Forum][6]. Please use this to ask for assistance with your installation and setup questions.

## Contributors and Pull Requests ##

Contributions are warmly welcomed, but we ask you to read the existing code to see how it is formatted and commented on and ensure contributions match the existing style. All code submissions must include accompanying tests. Please see the [contributor guidelines][7]. All accepted pull requests will get a $50 cloud credit on QuantConnect. Once your pull request has been merged, write to us at support@quantconnect.com with a link to your PR to claim your free live trading. QC <3 Open Source.

A huge thank you to all our contributors!

<br/>

<a href="https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=QuantConnect/Lean" />
</a>

## Acknowledgements ##

The open sourcing of QuantConnect would not have been possible without the support of the Pioneers. The Pioneers formed the core 100 early adopters of QuantConnect who subscribed and allowed us to launch the project into open source. 

Ryan H, Pravin B, Jimmie B, Nick C, Sam C, Mattias S, Michael H, Mark M, Madhan, Paul R, Nik M, Scott Y, BinaryExecutor.com, Tadas T, Matt B, Binumon P, Zyron, Mike O, TC, Luigi, Lester Z, Andreas H, Eugene K, Hugo P, Robert N, Christofer O, Ramesh L, Nicholas S, Jonathan E, Marc R, Raghav N, Marcus, Hakan D, Sergey M, Peter McE, Jim M, INTJCapital.com, Richard E, Dominik, John L, H. Orlandella, Stephen L, Risto K, E.Subasi, Peter W, Hui Z, Ross F, Archibald112, MooMooForex.com, Jae S, Eric S, Marco D, Jerome B, James B. Crocker, David Lypka, Edward T, Charlie Guse, Thomas D, Jordan I, Mark S, Bengt K, Marc D, Al C, Jan W, Ero C, Eranmn, Mitchell S, Helmuth V, Michael M, Jeremy P, PVS78, Ross D, Sergey K, John Grover, Fahiz Y, George L.Z., Craig E, Sean S, Brad G, Dennis H, Camila C, Egor U, David T, Cameron W, Napoleon Hernandez, Keeshen A, Daniel E, Daniel H, M.Patterson, Asen K, Virgil J, Balazs Trader, Stan L, Con L, Will D, Scott K, Barry K, Pawel D, S Ray, Richard C, Peter L, Thomas L., Wang H, Oliver Lee, Christian L..


  [1]: https://www.lean.io/ "Lean Open Source Home Page"
  [2]: https://www.lean.io/docs/ "Lean Documentation"
  [3]: https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/archive/master.zip
  [4]: https://www.quantconnect.com "QuantConnect"
  [5]: https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/issues
  [6]: https://www.quantconnect.com/forum/discussions/1/lean
  [7]: https://github.com/QuantConnect/Lean/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
  [8]: https://hub.docker.com/orgs/quantconnect/repositories
  [9]: https://www.nuget.org/profiles/jaredbroad
